name	 cputime 	 needtime 		 priority 		 status
name:P2  cputime:0   needtime:3   	priority:5   	status:ready
name:P4  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:4   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:0   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready

cputime:1
name:P2  cputime:1   needtime:2   	priority:4   	status:waiting
name:P4  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:4   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:0   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready

cputime:2
name:P4  cputime:1   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:waiting
name:P2  cputime:2   needtime:2   	priority:4   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:0   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready

cputime:3
name:P2  cputime:3   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:waiting
name:P3  cputime:0   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P4  cputime:2   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready

cputime:4
name:P3  cputime:1   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:waiting
name:P4  cputime:3   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P2  cputime:4   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready

cputime:5
name:P4  cputime:4   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:waiting
name:P2  cputime:5   needtime:1   	priority:3   	status:ready
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:3   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:6
name:P2  cputime:6   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:waiting
name:P5  cputime:0   needtime:4   	priority:2   	status:ready
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:4   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:3   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:7
name:P5  cputime:1   needtime:3   	priority:1   	status:waiting
name:P1  cputime:0   needtime:2   	priority:1   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:5   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:4   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:3   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:8
name:P1  cputime:1   needtime:1   	priority:0   	status:waiting
name:P5  cputime:2   needtime:3   	priority:1   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:6   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:5   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:4   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:9
name:P5  cputime:3   needtime:2   	priority:0   	status:waiting
name:P1  cputime:2   needtime:1   	priority:0   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:7   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:6   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:5   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:10
name:P1  cputime:3   needtime:0   	priority:-1  	status:waiting
name:P5  cputime:4   needtime:2   	priority:0   	status:ready
name:P3  cputime:8   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:7   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:6   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish

cputime:11
name:P5  cputime:5   needtime:1   	priority:-1  	status:waiting
name:P3  cputime:9   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:8   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:7   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P1  cputime:3   needtime:0   	priority:-1  	status:finish

cputime:12
name:P5  cputime:6   needtime:0   	priority:-2  	status:waiting
name:P3  cputime:10  needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P4  cputime:9   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P2  cputime:8   needtime:0   	priority:2   	status:finish
name:P1  cputime:4   needtime:0   	priority:-1  	status:finish

name	roundtime	waitingtime
name:P3	roundtime:4	waitingtime:3
name:P4	roundtime:5	waitingtime:4
name:P2	roundtime:6	waitingtime:5
name:P1	roundtime:10	waitingtime:9
name:P5	roundtime:12	waitingtime:10
